Welcome to the tutorial for SpellMight.
General Premise and Story: 
This is a 1v1 local multiplayer strategy game in which players play against one another in a match.
During a match, players must try to defeat their opponent with the help of items called cards.
However, These cards are not your typical playing cards. In fact, they are quite far from it!
These cards are actually torn peices of ancient scrolls written in a long forgotten tongue by the first of the scholars. 
These scrolls held the power to completely invoke the might of a god to aid the scholars in the time of battle.
As the scrolls decayed with the passage of time, they turned into what we now call as cards but unfortunately have
only a fragment of the power the original scrolls once held. But that doesn't mean that the cards are useless!
They still have vast reserves of power within them and can be extremely deadly to mere mortals such as you and your opponent.
Game Mechanics: 
Each match is split up into 15 rounds. Each round is split up into 2 turns: 1 for you and 1 for your opponent.
At the start of each match you have exactly 100 hp or hit-points. The main aim of the game is reduce your opponent's
hp to 0 before they can do the same to you. To do so you will be using cards to deal damage to your opponent and reduce 
their hp. At the beginning of each of your turns you will recieve 5 random cards from the main card deck.
(To view the main deck you can choose that option in the main menu)
All cards cost something called stamina to play. Each turn you get 10 stamina and depending upon how much stamina
the card that you want to play costs, you may be able to play just 1 or even all 5 of the cards you recieve each turn.
Many cards will also do more than just deal damage; they may also have various status effects that they may apply
and may even heal you!
Status effects are simply extra things that a card may do apart from healing and/or dealing damage and may limit the strategic
choices of the opponent in various ways. 
The explanations of all card related terms and different status effects are as follows:

1)Damage: This value signifies how much damage the card will deal to your opponent,
i.e. how much their hp will be reduced by when you play this card.
2)Heal: This value signifies how much the card will heal you for and thereby increase your current hp. The amount this will heal 
for will is indicated on the card.
3)Stamina: This value indicates how much stamina a card costs, i.e. how much your stamina bar
will be depleted if you choose to play that card.
4)Burn: This is a special status effect. This effect will deal 2 damage to your opponent 
on their next turn and reduce the healing they get from their cards by 20%. The amount of rounds this effect will
last for is indicated on the card.
5)Poison: This is a special status effect. This effect will deal 1 damage to your opponent
on their next turn and reduce the amount of damage they deal by 20%. The amount of rounds this effect will
last for is indicated on the card.
6)Mark: This is a special status effect. This effect increases the amount of damage your oppenent takes by 15%. The amount 
of rounds this effect will last for is indicated on the card. If a player is marked then a [M] will be displayed next to their health.
7)Buff: This is a special effect that increases the amount of damage you deal and the amount you heal for by 15%.
The amount of rounds this effect will last for is indicated on the card.
Those were all of the effects currently appliable by cards in the game.
NOTE: At the end of 15 rounds, if neither players are defeated, the one with the highest hp wins.
And with that we have completed the basics of the game. Now try actually playing a match against someone and see how you fare. Enjoy!